Updated support for sensors (#133)
SW709E19/Report: report/ChapterImplementation/SensorDevice.tex

Between the two there are many similarities, but the ESP32 are able to go into a state called deep sleep were its power consumption is a $10\mu A$ \cite{ESP32}.
This property makes the ESP32 (Shown on~\autoref{fig:esp32}) type of devices a more suitable choice for the project since the device should be powered by a battery.

> As described in~\autoref{subsec:designSensorDevice} the device should support communication with many different types of sensors using common communication protocols which both devices support.

Author: ```suggestion
As described in~\autoref{subsec:designSensorDevice} the device should support communication with many different types of sensors using common communication protocols, and the ESP32 supports UART, $I^2C$, SPI etc.
```
